Chen Shaodao
Chen Shao is really here
It seems that the Li family is in trouble this time
Who doesn't know that Chen Shaoren eats people and can't eat bones?
Dare to rob him
Chen Shao Chen Shao
Why did you just come?
Little beauty, I'm here to pick you up
Put a coffin on this big day
What the hell is going on?
This psychopath says he wants to pay homage to his brother
As a result, we almost beat our mother to death
Chen Shao, you have to call the shots for us?
Chen Shao is here
You are dead.
Do you know who I am?
You dare to hit my Chen Hao's mother-in-law and brother-in-law
Are you tired of living?
Chen Shao is this
He is the psychopath of Li Chutang
I will also play
Chen Shao, today is your big day
Here comes a corpse
Isn't that a frown?
And I don't even recognize it for my son
Chen Shao, you have to avenge us, little beauty
This is your fiance?
I know you are already engaged
But I, Chen Hao, am not unreasonable
Don't you just want some money?
Here are two gold bars for you
Enough for your whole family to live the rest of their lives
Take it, it's ok
Take it when you see it
Don't be ignorant
Be careful, you'll lose your life later
Chen Hao, please let us go
I won't marry you.
My patience is limited
I will give you one last chance.
Get out of my coma with that dead dog's coffin
I can let go of the past
Can't you understand human language?
Chu Tang said he wouldn't marry you